Add PieSocket to sponsors (#122)
wagtail/wagtail-live: README.md

## Google Summer of Code

This project is part of Google Summer of Code 2021 by Tidiane Dia. Check out the [GSOC report](https://wagtail.github.io/wagtail-live/gsoc_report/).

## Sponsors

Wagtail-live provides a [publisher based on PieSocket](https://wagtail.github.io/wagtail-live/getting_started/publishers/setup_piesocket/). 

> PieSocket offers to all our users a free-plus plan. See the link above for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PieSocket offers a 'free-plus' plan to all our users. See the link above for details.
```
